# ===== BIG SCRIPT FOR execute_script =====
help
info
show
print_field_descending_author
# ---- Count by known authors ----
count_by_author John Doe
count_by_author Jane Smith
count_by_author Emily Brown
count_by_author Michael Johnson
count_by_author Olivia Davis
count_by_author William Miller
count_by_author Ava Wilson
count_by_author James Moore
count_by_author Sophia Taylor
count_by_author Benjamin Anderson
count_by_author Mia Thomas
count_by_author Lucas Jackson
count_by_author Charlotte White
count_by_author Henry Harris
count_by_author Amelia Martin
count_by_author Ethan Thompson
count_by_author Isabella Garcia
count_by_author Alexander Martinez
count_by_author Evelyn Robinson
count_by_author Daniel Clark
count_by_author Harper Rodriguez
count_by_author Matthew Lewis
count_by_author Abigail Lee
count_by_author Joseph Walker
count_by_author Emily Hall
count_by_author David Allen
count_by_author Aria Young
count_by_author Andrew King
count_by_author Ella Wright
count_by_author Samuel Scott
count_by_author Victoria Green
count_by_author Christopher Baker
count_by_author Grace Adams
count_by_author Anthony Nelson
count_by_author Chloe Carter
count_by_author Jonathan Mitchell
count_by_author Lily Perez
count_by_author Ryan Roberts
count_by_author Zoey Turner
count_by_author Nathan Phillips
count_by_author Hannah Campbell
count_by_author Dylan Parker
count_by_author Layla Evans
count_by_author Caleb Edwards
count_by_author Penelope Collins
count_by_author Sebastian Stewart
count_by_author Nora Sanchez
count_by_author Jack Morris
count_by_author Avery Rogers
count_by_author Levi Reed
# ---- Filters by lab name prefixes ----
filter_starts_with_name Physics
filter_starts_with_name Computer
filter_starts_with_name Chemistry
filter_starts_with_name Biology
filter_starts_with_name Mathematics
filter_starts_with_name Robotics
filter_starts_with_name Astronomy
filter_starts_with_name Geology
filter_starts_with_name Ecology
filter_starts_with_name Nanotech
filter_starts_with_name Quantum
filter_starts_with_name AI
filter_starts_with_name Data
filter_starts_with_name Cybernetics
filter_starts_with_name Signal
filter_starts_with_name Photonics
filter_starts_with_name Materials
filter_starts_with_name Thermodynamics
filter_starts_with_name Electronics
filter_starts_with_name Microbiology
filter_starts_with_name Biomechanics
filter_starts_with_name Hydraulics
filter_starts_with_name Aerodynamics
filter_starts_with_name Mechatronics
filter_starts_with_name Bioinformatics
filter_starts_with_name Neuroscience
filter_starts_with_name Vision
filter_starts_with_name Cryptography
filter_starts_with_name Parallel
filter_starts_with_name Distributed
filter_starts_with_name Human
filter_starts_with_name Embedded
filter_starts_with_name Compilers
filter_starts_with_name Operating
filter_starts_with_name Network
filter_starts_with_name Graphics
filter_starts_with_name Game
filter_starts_with_name Speech
filter_starts_with_name Natural
filter_starts_with_name Reinforcement
filter_starts_with_name Control
filter_starts_with_name Power
filter_starts_with_name Renewable
filter_starts_with_name Mining
filter_starts_with_name Petroleum
filter_starts_with_name Civil
filter_starts_with_name Structural
filter_starts_with_name Transportation
filter_starts_with_name Urban
filter_starts_with_name Environmental
# ---- Remove by ids (some may not exist) ----
remove_by_id 1
remove_by_id 2
remove_by_id 3
remove_by_id 4
remove_by_id 5
remove_by_id 6
remove_by_id 7
remove_by_id 8
remove_by_id 9
remove_by_id 10
remove_by_id 11
remove_by_id 12
remove_by_id 13
remove_by_id 14
remove_by_id 15
remove_by_id 16
remove_by_id 17
remove_by_id 18
remove_by_id 19
remove_by_id 20
remove_by_id 21
remove_by_id 22
remove_by_id 23
remove_by_id 24
remove_by_id 25
remove_by_id 26
remove_by_id 27
remove_by_id 28
remove_by_id 29
remove_by_id 30
remove_by_id 42
remove_by_id 1000
remove_by_id 9223372036854775807
remove_by_id 9223372036854775808
# ---- Intentional bad commands to test errors ----
abracadabra
remove_byid 5
count_by_author
filter_starts_with_name
remove_by_id abc
# ---- Snapshots ----
info
show
print_field_descending_author
info
show
print_field_descending_author
info
show
print_field_descending_author
# ---- Clear & Save ----
clear
save
info
show
# ---- Exit ----
exit